# This is just an extra file with more detailed notes of the missing values and suggestions.


After analyzing the datasets, the below are some issues and some suggestions to make data better.

'signUpSource'   : The column contains null values when the creation date years were before 2017. 
                   It would be great to fix this for the years to come ahead. It might help us to know and understand how users
                   are comforatble in selecting the platforms signup. 
 
'Last_login_date': If an app or a website is tracking this activity, then we need to identity the reason it could not capture this.
                   This would definitely improve the data quality to have fewer number of null values. 
        
'Category & Category_code' :  The data in these two columns look identical with minor tweaks. If they infer the same,
                              can we clean and condense them into one column?.
                              The same goes with columns 'name' & 'Brandcode'. I would liek to know the reason beneath
                              for having columns with highly similar data. 
                              Can we use try filling the 'brandcode' values that are [NaN] with 'name' column? 

'topBrand' : There are few null values, but can we have decide if it is a top brand or not?
    
'dates'    : The date fields in all the datasets are in a format that needs additional step to bring it to a normal format. 

'pointsEarned' : If a user is rewarded with some points upon purchase,what does it say when there are null values? 
                 Does that mean the system miss the transaction or they did not receive? 

'finishedDate' : what does null value mean? Does that mean if the date is invaild or is any other reason for it to be null?      

'purchaseDate','barcode','brandCode' : If there is null value in these columns, we should analyze if it is a system error?
                                       Because if purchaseDate is empty, how can we validate the receipts? Id brandcode and barcode
                                       are empty can we use 'Brands' table to fill the values?

'barcode' :    I believe there should be connection between receipts and brands data tables. Upon inspection 
               there is 'barcode' column in both the tables. If we understand if they are the same, upon joining them,
               there are less than 20 values which do not satisfy the expected relations. I would like to know and explore 
               how to add a relations between brands and receipts. 
    
'totalSpent', 'purchasedItemCount':  If a customer purchases any product, these field should not be empty. 
                We need to see if there are any issues with the sytem capture.

Brands and receipts tables would need to connect with a key. If we revisit the data and idenity if we can add any 
 data points as a keys or update the data capture to have a new datapoint that can we useful for easier analysis. 
    
In the future, i would propose a table which captures a few data points such as receipt_id, userid, brandid, barcode, 
        brandcode and dates that resonate the values. This will help in ease and set up future possibilites for analytics
